*** My thoughts on Virtual Reality - philosophical visions of the medium ***

1-  VR is a new medium as storytelling concerns
2 - Is not Gaming neither traditional Cinema storytelling
3 - Is different and the approach has to be different

* When you are left alone in VR you can have Fun doing random things like a baby would do or...
...you need a Mission like in real life to feel fulfilled ?

4 - PRESENCE 
  - Is the Key Factor on having a proper experience of VR 
  - The ART of being fully in the present is very much related with >

4a -  MEDITATION - Being in the NOW - Same space - Slower time
4b -  OUT OF THE BODY EXPERIENCE - OBE > Being in the NOW - other space - other time
4c -  VR - Other space - Same time

Through the study of the factors on how one feels deeply in the now in these 3 different PRESENCE experiences
we can help to evolve the VR into the future.

5 -  We llive in the present imagining the future and through this being able to make prediction mainly for survival.

5a - So in the present we already live in 2fold moments the present and this survival imaginary mechanism we could call
    'natural VR' by default. VR would give as a 'space' where we could enjoy 'without the survival' natural mechanism 
     allowing us to enjoy for real the present and with a 'Presence' comparable to Meditation of even the Hyper reality
     of OBE's.
    
6 - If we have a box inside another Box, Your consciousness would be in the inside box as a 'Constant' coining the Lulian
    term and the outside box would bea variable that can change and would be your body ... or any other input that make 
    you believe you are in another 'space. * From body to cylinder to Virtual avatar *
    
7- If we live in just ONE reality we do not have anything to COMPARE with. If we have other realities, which are consciouss,
   then we can COMPARE. Doing that we can realize that 'Consciousness' can be in several 'packages', not only in the 'body'
   we know and live in. A similar thing would be apply to taking drugs and experiencing another reality that seems as real
   as the one you live giving food for thought about whar is the REAL reality. To compare is to EXPAND the CONSCIOUSSNESS.
   
8- One can feel also an almost perfect feeling of presence in very intimate moments like being with a close Family member 
   like Mum and Dad or with your wife or girlfriend. Is that presence which in some moments can have this peaceful feeling
   of love what we are looking for ideally.
   
9- Obviosuly the easy way out would be to create an experience of fear or terror in a battlefield or horror hosuse and this 
   will be done because of the lack of intelligence and responsability we have but looking for the oppsite one, an experience
   that would fullfil us as humans as a whole on a rich personal level should be our aim and research in this new medium.
   
10-We must accept the highest of the responsabilities in our creative thoughts and therefore in the creation of positive VR.
